{
  "content": "<p>{\n  &quot;title&quot;: &quot;Project Structure&quot;,\n  &quot;content&quot;: &quot;&lt;h1 id=\"project-structure\"&gt;Project Structure</h1>\\n<p>There are a few ways you can structure an <em>intl</em> project. The recommended method is to create a root folder, where all of your translations will be stored. By default, this is <code>src/assets/i18n</code>. </p>\\n<p>In the root of that folder, a file should exist for each supported locale, such as <code>en.json</code> or <code>es.json</code>. Optionally, adding an <code>index.json</code> file allows you to share data between all locales. This global file is a good place to define lazy-loaded routes and any shared global phrases (since these remain untranslated, it might make sense to put things like brand or product names here.)</p>\\n<pre><code>src/assets/i18n/\\n├── index.json\\n├── de.json\\n├── en.json\\n├── es.json\\n├── ...\\n└── zh-cn.json</code></pre>&lt;h2 id=\"routes\"&gt;Routes</h2>\\n<p>As your application grows, you may find that the single-file-per-locale structure becomes more difficult to manage. By grouping translations together into <em>routes</em>, it becomes easier to reason about individual files. Each route should have a directory containing a json file for each supported locale.</p>\\n<pre><code>src/assets/i18n/\\n├── index.json\\n├── de.json\\n├── en.json\\n├── es.json\\n├── ...\\n├── zh-cn.json\\n└── profile/\\n    ├── de.json\\n    ├── ...\\n    └── zh-cn.json</code></pre><p><em>intl</em> can automatically lazy-loads these routes when they are needed. To enable this, simply add a route definition to your global file.</p>\\n&lt;h4 id=\"index-json\"&gt;index.json</h4>\\n<pre><code class=\"language-json\">{\\n    &quot;profile&quot;: {\\n        &quot;lazy&quot;: true,\\n        &quot;url&quot;: &quot;/profile/:lang.json&quot;\\n    }\\n}</code></pre>\\n&lt;h2 id=\"other-structures\"&gt;Other structures</h2>\\n<p>Although the reccomended approach is the simplest, fastest, and most well-supported method for using <em>intl</em>, it&#39;s understandable that every project differs. Thankfully, <em>intl</em> should be able to support any sort of project structure that fits your needs.</p>\\n<p>Here are a few examples</p>\\n<pre><code>src/assets/i18n/\\n├── index.json\\n├── de/\\n│   ├── index.json\\n│   └── profile.json\\n├── ...\\n└── zh-cn/\\n    ├── index.json\\n    └── profile.json</code></pre>&lt;h4 id=\"index-json\"&gt;index.json</h4>\\n<pre><code class=\"language-json\">{\\n    &quot;profile&quot;: {\\n        &quot;lazy&quot;: true,\\n        &quot;url&quot;: &quot;/:lang/profile.json&quot;\\n    }\\n}</code></pre>\\n&quot;\n}</p>\n"
}